---
id: sdkdt
name: Technologies Comparison
file_version: 1.1.0
app_version: 1.0.3
---

## References

*   Other relevant documents
    
*   Link to PRD
    

## Goals

Decide on the most fitting candidates for the following:

*   Frontend GIS framework
    
*   Frontend reactivity framework
    
*   Frontend CSS framework
    
*   Backend language
    
*   Backend web framework
    
*   Database (Relational / NoSQL / Graph)
    
*   Hosting
    
*   DevOps tools for CICD
    
*   Testing Libraries
    
    <br/>
    

# Frontend GIS Framework

### Requirements

*   Open Source - Make sure no data is sent from the user to the GIS provider.
    
*   Customizable - Allow more than one style.
    
*   Interactible - Allow for client-side JavaScript to interact with it (draw lines, find paths, get coordinates).
    

<br/>

# Frontend Reactivity Framework

### Requirements

*   Cross-Platform - Work both as a webpage and a mobile app.
    
*   Simple - There is no need to develop complex components or logic.
    
*   Libraries - Include native (or library) support for the GIS framework.
    

# Frontend CSS Framework

### Requirements

*   Cross-Platform - Work both in browsers and mobile apps.
    
*   Simple - Easy to learn and apply.
    
*   Lightweight - There's no need to drastically increase bundle weight for the framework alone.
    

# Backend Web

### Requirements

*   Well-Supported & Documented - With a large community and an existing question-answer database.
    
*   Includes Server Frameworks - Have a library for creating APIs / Web servers.
    
*   Includes DB Frameworks - Have a library for communicating with a DB of choice.
    

# Backend Web Framework

### Requirements

*   Include Authentication Library - Have support for OAuth.
    
*   Production-Ready - Serve thousands of concurrent users.
    

# Database

### Requirements

*   Allow relations between users.
    
*   Low-Cost - No need to pay for the DB alone, especially if it doesn't come with hosting.
    

# Hosting

### Requirements

*   Cheap - The project is open-source, and the only income would probably be from a tip jar.
    
*   Allow CICD - Have enough IaaS features to allow for automatic deployment.
    

# DevOps Tools for CICD

### Requirements

*   Free - There are plenty of free options, especially when the GitHub repositories are all public.
    
*   Easy to Learn - Shouldn't take a long time to setup.
    
*   Integratable With GitHub - Should have statuses and automatic pipelines running alongside Git commits.
    

# Testing Libraries

### Requirements

*   Interact with CICD - Run when a CICD pipeline is initiated.
    
*   Fast - Don't take too long to run simple unit-tests.
    

<br/>

<br/>

<br/>

This file was generated by Swimm. [Click here to view it in the app](https://app.swimm.io/repos/Z2l0aHViJTNBJTNBRG9jcyUzQSUzQVBvaW50UnVubmVy/docs/sdkdt).
